Metadata-Version: 1.2
Name: downloader-py3
Version: 1.0.1
Summary: Download URLs using a compressed disk cache and a random throttling interval.
Home-page: https://github.com/ice1995/downloader-py3
Author: Bohan Zhang
Author-email: zhangbohan.dell@gmail.com
License: MIT
Project-URL: Source, https://github.com/gtzampanakis/downloader
Description-Content-Type: UNKNOWN
Description: Each Downloader maintains an sqlite3-based disk cache that utilizes zlib
        compression. Network requests are only made if the cached version of the
        resource has an age larger or equal to the stale_after value provided by the
        programmer.
        
        Between network requests a throttling interval needs to elapse. This throttling
        interval is randomly chosen, but lies within the throttle_bounds defined by the
        programmer.
        
        HTML resources can be parsed using lxml and in this case an lxml ElementTree is
        returned instead of a file object, with the links rewritten to be absolute in
        order to facilitate following them. The parsing is done leniently in order to
        not fail when invalid HTML is encountered.
        
        The programmer can also supply a function that decides whether the server has
        banned the client (possibly by examining the returned resource). In this case
        an exception will be raised.
        
        Downloader's features make it ideal for writing scrapers, as it can keep its
        network footprint small (due to the cache) and irregular (due to the random
        throttling interval).
        
        To install, simply run:
        
        python setup.py install
        
        For documentation, after installing, run:
        
        python -m pydoc downloader
        
Keywords: downloader dwonloader-py3
Platform: Any
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Topic :: Internet :: WWW/HTTP
Classifier: Topic :: Internet :: WWW/HTTP :: Indexing/Search
Requires: lxml (> 3.2.1)
Requires-Python: >=3
